# REST API for managing a collection of collectable player cards

General requirements
The project will use a Python framework for web development and an isolated development
environment (venv or pipenv). Follow the separation of concerns principles by defining different
packages for each logic layer of the application architecture.

# Functional requirements:
- Users should be able to create an account and login
- All the calls should be authenticated (except login and register)
- Implement two user roles with different permission levels: a regular user would only be
able to CRUD on their owned records and an admin would be able to CRUD all records
and users (including other admins)
- Each user can have only one collection of player cards (user is identified by an email)
- When the user is signed up, they should get a collection of 5 cards (the system should
generate the player cards automatically)
- The name of the players from the cards and eventually their skill level should be
generated by a 3rd party API at your choice. The connection to the external web service
must be done asynchronously
- Each player card has an initial value of 100 coins
- Each player has a budget of 500 coins to buy other cards
- When logged in, a user can see his/her information and the value of their collection:
username and country (can be edited), collection value (sum of player cards values)
- A player card has the following information: name, age, skill level and market value
- Users can add their cards to an internal exchange market
- When a user places a card on the market, they must set the asking price/value for that
player card. This value should be listed on the market. When another user buys this
player, they must bought it for this price
- Each user should be able to see all cards from the exchange market
- With each buy/sell, collection budgets are updated
- When a card is bought by another player, its value should be increased based on a
machine learning algorithm at your choice. Aim for a good accuracy score.
- The API will return all the info in the JSON format and will use a database to provide
data persistence (the usage of SQLite is discouraged)
- The API should be able to support pagination for all the endpoints that return a list of
elements
- Use REST clients like Postman, cURL, etc. to test the API
- Write unit tests (not integration tests) so you can reach at least 50% code coverage for
the developed application. Use mocks for external dependencies.
